README.md, before:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/cp3402-students/a2-cp3402-2019-team25/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/cp3402-students/a2-cp3402-2019-team25/tree/master)

# Installation

Run install.sh to install .git hooks. Add github ssh key named id_rsa to the .ssh folder.

# Usage

On push, it will test deploy a staging server using CircleCI.
To test out the website, re-run the job with SSH enabled, and run connect_to_webserver.sh. This will let you access the site via localhost:80.

On pre-commit, the database, plugins, and themes will be updated to the latest commit of their master branch.

# Project Development
[Local Development Environment](https://github.com/cp3402-students/env-cp3402-2019-team25)

[Database](https://github.com/Xett/database-cp3402-2019-team25)

[Theme](https://github.com/Xett/theme-cp3402-2019-team25)

The local Database repository in the Local Development Environment should be used to update the Database, Themes and Plugins. There is no other cloning needed, besides cloning the dev environment.

Submodules are automatically updated along the master branch.

Commit message:

Generate ssh key, and readme.md update

README.md, after:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/cp3402-students/a2-cp3402-2019-team25/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/cp3402-students/a2-cp3402-2019-team25/tree/master)

# Installation

Add github ssh key named id_rsa to the .ssh folder.
Run install.sh to install .git hooks. If no ssh key is found, install.sh will generate a new one. After the ssh key is generated, see [here](https://help.github.com/en/articles/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account) for how to link it to your github account. This is so you can ssh into the staging server.

# Usage

On push, it will test deploy a staging server using CircleCI.
To test out the website, re-run the job with SSH enabled, and run connect_to_webserver.sh. This will let you access the site via localhost:80.

On pre-commit, the database, plugins, and themes will be updated to the latest commit of their master branch.

# Project Development
[Local Development Environment](https://github.com/cp3402-students/env-cp3402-2019-team25)

[Database](https://github.com/Xett/database-cp3402-2019-team25)

[Theme](https://github.com/Xett/theme-cp3402-2019-team25)

The local Database repository in the Local Development Environment should be used to update the Database, Themes and Plugins. There is no other cloning needed, besides cloning the dev environment.

Submodules are automatically updated along the master branch.
